**Date**: 09/04/2025
**Time**: 17:10
**Location**: F101
**Facilitator**: [[Andrew Clarke]]
**Attendees:** [[Andrew Clarke]], [[Monica Borg]], [[Dang Linh Phan (Lewis)]], [[Minh Son Doan (Maverick)]] and [[Hoang Dat Bui (David)]]

## **1. Meeting Agenda**
1. Completed/incomplete as of this meeting. 

## **2. Discussion Points & Key Decisions**
1. Items completed this week:
   2. User database is completed. 
   2. Login and register needs to be completed. 
   3. Decks and cards are completed but require testing. 
2. One of the blockages is users. 
3. Testing - make sure we are testing. Write test cases. Test cases are not necessarily needed for controllers, but other logic is needed. 
4. Add exceptions (try/catch) for things like incorrect email, missing email, etc. Need to check what is causing authentication to fail, so errors can be handled. 
5. Verification of deletion 
6. Undo changes is now recycle bin user story
7. Add profile to menu bar
8. New stories:
   9. Change Undo Changes to Recycle Bin
   10. Move cards between decks 


### **2.1 Sprint Planning**
**How Long Is Each Sprint**
1 week sprint

_Wednesday to Sunday: coding_

_Monday to Tuesday: review & debugging_


### 2.2 Sprint 2 Plan 
1. Import/export - Mav
2. Profile management - Lewis
3. Recycle bin - David
4. Bookmarking decks - Monica
4. Testing and metrics - Andy


## **4. Action Items**

| **Task**                 | **Owner**       | **Deadline** |     |
|--------------------------|-----------------|--------------| --- |
| Complete sprint 1        | All             | COB Sunday   |     |
| Finish security question | Mav/Lewis/David | COB Sunday     |     |
| Reset password logic     |  Mav/Lewis/David               | COB Sunday      |     |
| Finish making new cards  | Mav/Lewis/David                | COB Sunday          |     |

---
**Next Meeting:** 02/04/2025

**Meeting Adjourned at:** 18:15

_Prepared by:_ [[Monica Borg]]