**Date**: 19/03/2025
**Time**: 1810
**Location**: F101 
**Facilitator**: [[Andrew Clarke]]
**Attendees:** [[Andrew Clarke]], [[Monica Borg]] and [[Dang Linh Phan (Lewis)]],
**Apologies**: [[Hoang Dat Bui (David)]] and [[Minh Son Doan (Maverick)]] 
 
## **1. Meeting Agenda**
- Getting comfortable committing to the repo by completing practical 4 
- Preparations for checkpoint 1
- Starting the UI design
- Testing development environment 

### **2. Discussion Points & Key Decisions**
- **Topic 1**: In order for everyone to get comfortable committing on the repo before development starts  everyone is to complete practical 4 `Address book` and push it on there own branch and **NOT MERGE** to main
- **Topic 2**: In preparation for checkpoint 1 everyone is to read the Trello and understand where they can find information, as well as cloning the repo
- **Topic 3**: Monica and Andrew can start the design process from the user stories made last week.
- **Topic 4**: Everyone is to make sure they have the correct software and that they can run it without issues, as we have a mix of MacOS and Windows users.


## **3. Action Items**

| **Task**                     | **Owner**         | **Deadline** |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------ |
| Practical 4 on branch        | All (individual)  | 23/03/2025   |
| Test dev environment         | All (individual)  | 23/03/2025   |
| Low fidelity wireframe       | Monica and Andrew | 26/03/2025   |
| Preperation for checkpoint 1 | All (individual)  | 26/03/2025   |



---
**Next Meeting:** 26/03/2025 1810
**Meeting Adjourned at:** 1830

_Prepared by:_ [[Andrew Clarke]]